index.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: ""
---

## About

I am a 1st year PhD student in Hispanic Studies at UBC,
where I am supervised by Dr. Tamara Mitchell.
My most recent research centers around gendered violence in Mexico,
specifically feminicidio, and the affects engendered between
living bodies and dead bodies through manifestations of
public mourning, artivism (art+activism) and contemporary literature.
My research also explores monstrous representations of
women in North American and Latin American popular culture,
as well as the intersection between Mexican masculinity and neoliberalism.

Before coming to UBC,
I completed a master's degree in Comparative Literature at Brock University
(2017&ndash;2018) with Dr. Cristina Santos
and a master's degree in Sociology
at the University of Victoria (2019&ndash;2021) with Dr. Steve Garlick.


## Research

My research lies at the intersection of gender and cultural studies in contemporary Mexico,
with a particular interest in literature, popular culture, and artivism (art+activism).

**Publications:**
- Revilla-Sanchez, S. (2021).
  Haunting Murders: Feminicide, Ghosts, and Affects in Contemporary Mexico.
  University of Victoria. (MA thesis.)
  <a href="https://dspace.library.uvic.ca/bitstream/handle/1828/13255/Revilla-Sanchez_Sarah_MA_2021.pdf?sequence=5&isAllowed=y">
  <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i>



## Teaching

**Mentorship:**
- International TA Consultant. Fall 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.

**TAing:**
- PORT 405: Studies in Portuguese and Brazilian Culture. Spring 2022 @ UBC.
- SOCI 389: Death and Dying. Fall 2020 &amp; Summer 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 281: Sociology of Genders. Spring 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 331: Political Sociology: Sociological Theories of the State and Resistance.
  Summer 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.
- CS 101: Canadian Studies and Advanced English. Summer 2020 &amp; Summer 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 285: Sociology of Health Over the Life Course. Fall 2019 @ UVic.
- SPAN 1F00: Introductory Spanish Language. Fall 2017 &amp; Spring 2018 @ Brock.

**Instructor:**
- Publishing Seminar. Spring 2019 @ Vértice Anáhuac México.
- Literary Criticism in Italian. Spring 2019 @ Anáhuac México.
- Advanced English Language. Fall 2018 &amp; Spring 2019 @ Anáhuac México.

## Contact

revillas[at]student[dot]ubc[dot]ca \
Page at UBC FHIS. <a href="https://fhis.ubc.ca/profile/sarah-revilla-sanchez/">
<i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i></a>

Commit message:

add book reviews, reorg research

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: ""
---

## About

I am a PhD student in Hispanic Studies at UBC,
where I am supervised by Dr. Tamara Mitchell.
My most recent research centers around gendered violence in Mexico,
specifically feminicidio, and the affects engendered between
living bodies and dead bodies through manifestations of
public mourning, artivism (art+activism) and contemporary literature.
My research also explores monstrous representations of
women in North American and Latin American popular culture,
as well as the intersection between Mexican masculinity and neoliberalism.

My research lies at the intersection of gender and cultural studies in contemporary Mexico,
with a particular interest in literature, popular culture, and artivism (art+activism).

Before coming to UBC,
I completed a master's degree in Comparative Literature at Brock University
(2017&ndash;2018) with Dr. Cristina Santos
and a master's degree in Sociology
at the University of Victoria (2019&ndash;2021) with Dr. Steve Garlick.


## Research

**Book reviews:**

- *Gothic Imagination in Latin American Fiction and Film*
(University of New Mexico Press, 2019)
by Carmen A. Serrano.
*A Contracorriente: Una revista de estudios latinoamericanos*
19.3 (May 2022): 403-407.
<a href="https://acontracorriente.chass.ncsu.edu/index.php/acontracorriente/article/view/2248">
<i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i>
- *Men, Masculinities, and Popular Romance*
(Routledge, 2019)
by Jonathan A. Allan.
*Popular Culture Studies Journal*
10.1 (April 2022): 374-376.
<a href="https://mpcaaca.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/25_Book-Reviews.pdf">
<i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i>


**Non-peer reviewed:**
- Revilla-Sanchez, S. (2021).
  Haunting Murders: Feminicide, Ghosts, and Affects in Contemporary Mexico.
  University of Victoria. (MA thesis.)
  <a href="https://dspace.library.uvic.ca/bitstream/handle/1828/13255/Revilla-Sanchez_Sarah_MA_2021.pdf?sequence=5&isAllowed=y">
  <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i>



## Teaching

**Mentorship:**
- International TA Consultant. Fall 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.

**TAing:**
- PORT 405: Studies in Portuguese and Brazilian Culture. Spring 2022 @ UBC.
- SOCI 389: Death and Dying. Fall 2020 &amp; Summer 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 281: Sociology of Genders. Spring 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 331: Political Sociology: Sociological Theories of the State and Resistance.
  Summer 2020 &amp; Spring 2021 @ UVic.
- CS 101: Canadian Studies and Advanced English. Summer 2020 &amp; Summer 2021 @ UVic.
- SOCI 285: Sociology of Health Over the Life Course. Fall 2019 @ UVic.
- SPAN 1F00: Introductory Spanish Language. Fall 2017 &amp; Spring 2018 @ Brock.

**Instructor:**
- Publishing Seminar. Spring 2019 @ Vértice Anáhuac México.
- Literary Criticism in Italian. Spring 2019 @ Anáhuac México.
- Advanced English Language. Fall 2018 &amp; Spring 2019 @ Anáhuac México.

## Contact

revillas[at]student[dot]ubc[dot]ca \
Page at UBC FHIS. <a href="https://fhis.ubc.ca/profile/sarah-revilla-sanchez/">
<i class="fas fa-external-link-alt" style="font-size:20px"></i></a>
